we had a huge controversy just a few
months ago about the concept that being
gay is a choice remember that it's
already faded out that was that was huge
people were tearing each other's throats
out over that man gay is a choice big
that isn't I do not believe being gay is
a choice being bored enough as a
heterosexual to get a [ __ ] from your
fellow man that's a choice that exists
two people a pragmatic bisexuality
that's a joy being being gay is not a
choice but let me tell you sleeping with
meat eaters is a choice
my fellow vegans let me say to you I you
know I wanted to get a t-shirt actually
that said sleeping with carnivores is a
choice but I took it to the t-shirt shop
like you know here in China and the guy
his English wasn't too good he made
spelling mistakes and I was afraid other
vegans would make fun of me it came back
saying it's a choice to sleep with with
raw raw fruitarians
I I don't know how he how he made that
mistake the purest art form on the
Internet
is the top 10 list and in some ways the
purest subject matter we could possibly
choose to make a top 10 list about is
human sexuality but let's deal with the
real issue at hand here many of your
favorite vegan personalities may take
off their shirts on camera may feature
themselves in bikinis or what-have-you
depending on their gender or sometimes
despite their gender um
but the strange reality is most of us
are either leading lives of doleful
isolation or we're just married
sometimes both especially with guys like
vegan cheetah it's always been even
hillarious for me to see that his fans
are actively expecting him to give
updates on his personal life in a sex
life and most of the time there's just
no sex life to talk about despite the
fact you may be macro attractive and
micro famous here on the Internet most
of us utterly fail to comply with the
demand from our fans to hook
with one another I can't help but wonder
those of you who send me email asking me
to date other vegans known to them on
the Internet on some level aren't you
just looking forward to the break-up
that will inevitably come afterwards
there's top 10 reasons why nobody is
dating anybody on YouTube of course
focusing primarily within the digital
vegan demi-monde I made this list while
waiting for my vegan takeout to be
handed to me in a vegan restaurant and
the only reason why I'm not clean-shaved
in this video is that on this night of
all nights the hot water and my
apartment stopped working and I can't
get it fixed until tomorrow
number one hatred is a poor basis for a
relationship I know you may not think of
veganism as a hateful Creed despite all
the hatred that's fluffy erect yeah but
it is I mean apart from the you know
unending focus on anarchism within the
vegan political spectrum you know there
is this sense of being
anti-establishment of being against the
system of wanting to change the world
but that desire to change the world
being predicated on deep dissatisfaction
with modernity with capitalism in some
cases with you know obviously
industrialized meat production but with
many factors of the you know cultural
economic social world around us this
deep dissatisfaction this hatred for the
status quo that again sometimes is
expressed as anarchism sometimes anti
capitalism I myself am neither an
anarchist nor a needy capitalist but I'm
also very unhappy with the reality of
what Canadian society is today etc etc
uh
you know it may seem like something you
really have in common with another
person of the opposite sex or of the
same sex depending on what you're
looking for it may draw you to someone
in a fleeting way but it's actually a
really lousy basis for forming a
long-term relationship some of you know
what I'm talking about some of you don't
and some of you in the years ahead are
gonna have bitter heartbreaking
experiences and maybe you'll come back
and watch this video again sometime
number two
love of animals also is a really lousy
basis relationship most vegans not all
do you love animals
you saw me breaking down weeping on a
video recently talking about seeing cut
up chicken feet and talking about seeing
pets for sale in cages here in China and
I go to the zoo and check out the
conditions of elephants and chains I'm
not a stereotypical animal lover I don't
own pets that don't want to own pets but
again you know if you see someone else's
facebook profile and think I love
animals you love animals maybe we can
love each other they make sense for the
first five minutes but actually terrible
basis for a long-term relationship
number three
everyone worth having is already married
or taken or has kids or all the above a
lot of you may have noticed new
superstar Joe vegan dancing with his
shirt off you'd love to sink your teeth
into that man but in case you hadn't
figured it out Joe vegan and his wife
are actually married to one another in
this way throughout the digital vegan
demi-monde almost everyone worth having
has already taken of course it's a
matter of taste I'm over 30 years old
when I'm looking at members the opposite
sex who over 30 years old especially
those who would make great parents most
of them already are great parents number
4 airplane tickets uh it's hard to be
honest to yourself about this but you
know what no matter how tempting someone
else may be for their writing for their
clarity of focus for their brilliant
creative mind for their incisive
political commentary or yes for the
glowing image of them in a bikini posted
on Facebook you know what for either a
short term or a long-term relationship
the airplane ticket it's just an amazing
obstacle most these people live in
places you don't want to visit haha
I live in Kunming and I have had a few
people few young women write to me being
interested in visiting me while I'm here
in could Ming one thought it through in
in detail and she had visited and she
had traveled in China before she was
quite self-confident coming here alone
but you know the time and the money to
come here to Kunming probably a place
you have no other reason to go
just so you can go out for coffee with
me that's a pretty steep barrier to
entry and it might be a great coffee
date it might be a great dinner date but
you also know I mean hey you're not even
guaranteed to get that with me but it's
you know it could be the most Awkward
dissatisfying disappointing dinner date
of your life you put down your coffee in
your coffee shop you walk out and what's
next
Tokyo Disneyland mmm the plane ticket
the cost of staying in hotel and where
these things lead to you know III guess
what I'm really getting at here is if
you haven't actually done that before
you might think it's romantic
you might have seen American movies that
work very hard to make it seem romantic
but there was absolutely nothing
romantic about it nothing and that's why
the plane ticket the hotel room and
everything else is such a huge obstacle
number five lack of stability do you
know where you're gonna be living just
one year from now well most of the
vegans who are married do those are the
people who have stability they're the
people who are except I only got married
I was saying in Chinese to my Chinese
teach you the other day you know people
people who have no home have no love
life but the people who are on YouTube
making something happen a lot of us got
on YouTube started making material on
the Internet precise because our lives
were at a crossroads they may be young
people who've just finished going to
university they may be older people who
just quit their job yeah I do know some
examples that actually youtubers who
started uploading heavily because they
had up that a break between jobs they
quit one job and we're looking for
another um there's a lot of insecurity
and stability in everyone's lives but
when you look at the demi-monde of who
makes videos on YouTube again we're
talking about micro famous or dynamic
people here who either make no money at
all from the internet or make very
little you are generally talking about
people who do not know where they're
gonna be living just one year from now
myself included I'm not gonna be living
in conveying one year from now but don't
know where it is and a lot of the women
who talk to me who are understand me
obviously to begin with it's a problem
that I don't know where I'm gonna be but
it would be a problem for me that I
don't know where
they're gonna be if anyone was
interested in starting a long-term
meaningful relationship
number six religious differences both
overt and covert I remember one vegan
youtuber she's still active who used to
make a lot of videos claiming or
reporting crazy things about her sex
life and private life but if you got to
know her a little bit better through
Facebook or what have you
she was in fact a devout Christian who
believed in no sex before marriage
within veganism there a lot of pseudo
religious beliefs there are people who
just believe in the universe they just
believe in destiny they just believe in
some hippy abstraction but that informal
religion may be just as binding and just
as exclusive as a formal organized
religion like Christianity Judaism
Hinduism or what have you
by this I mean to say someone who just
believes in the universe they probably
want a relationship with someone else
who believes in the universe and that's
true of a whole lot of other hippy
abstractions even if they're not
organized into a formal religion okay so
religious differences both covert and
overt most people on YouTube are living
a lie sorry this is 0.7 most people are
living a lie or they're hideous without
their makeup I'm hideous just the way I
am people I've never worn makeup in a
single YouTube video and a lot of you
people think I have a mysterious secret
life working for the CIA or something
but no I actually am completely honest
about above my life your online the
stuff you don't know about is is pretty
boring do you want me to hold up my
Chinese homework here but yeah a lot of
people there are lies there are
illusions and there is a question of
what anyone looks like when the cameras
off when the makeup comes off who any of
us really are when we stop being who we
pretend to be number eight what we do on
YouTube
is already a little bit too close to
being a cam girl or to use a
gender-neutral term being a cam [ __ ] uh
um I have joked around about that with
some of my fellow male youtubers but you
know if you're actually gonna bring your
love life into it whether that's just
your girlfriend in real life who has
nothing to do with YouTube or if it's
another person who's active as a digital
vegan activist or youtuber some kind the
more you bring that stuff into what
you're doing on the Internet the closer
and closer you seem to get to
straight-up cam whoring and I for one
have sent an article of my clothing to a
fan just once
purely intellectual purely platonic
relationship she wanted to keep that
article of clothing as a symbol of the
connection between us and I respect that
but I remember while I was walking to
the post office to send this item to her
you know thought crossed my mind if she
were paying me for this I really would
be a cam [ __ ]
there's no difference there's just no
difference number nine be honest with
yourself how crazy do you like them
people continuously ask me to comment or
pass judgment on people like vegan gains
these people are crazy these people are
saying whether it's vegan gains or
sorsha or whatever hey you know what III
don't think vegan gains is all that
crazy he's not all that crazy relative
to what's considered normal in the City
of Toronto Canada downtown Toronto he's
not all that crazy compared to my fellow
vegans including just vegans I know in
real life let alone here on YouTube but
I have to I have to admit to myself you
know yeah this is one of the barriers is
how much craziness can you tolerate yeah
number 10 relationships are based on
trust and YouTube actually breeds
paranoia so yeah this is actually a kind
of a deep and interesting one um
as soon as your whole life is on the
internet whether you have 500 fans 5,000
or 50,000 then you suddenly have very
different boundaries for trusting people
are they going to film something you
said and put it on the Internet
are they gonna break up with you and
denounce you ages ago months and months
ago I remember joking with cheetah I
said to him cuz we know I was saying
this old to humility in contrast to some
other vegans who have had sex scandals
break on the internet and so on but I
said to him look we have to admit to
ourselves if just one of our
ex-girlfriends came on the internet and
denounced us you know whether it was me
or him or anyone else like imagine if
your angriest ex-girlfriend from however
many years ago came online and made a
video about what a terrible person you
were for one thing she can lie she can
make up anything but for nothing she
could just tell the truth in a very
unflattering way about one night about
the worst night of your lives the worst
night of relationship or the worst thing
you did in that relationship even
without lying one angry ex-girlfriend
could massively discredit you create a
massive controversy you don't want to
deal with and I mean paranoia is real
even though it's somewhat bizarre some
of my fellow vegans will leave I named
here act in an extremely paranoid manner
where they don't really have friends
anymore they have people who either
their slaves who obey them and
everything who are fans who are you know
supporters or they have people they
regard as enemies you know either you're
my support or you're Manning me and I've
been sick and twisted and it leads to a
lot of sick and twisted content here on
the internet but on the other hand I
also have to admit I can see where
they're coming from and where they're
going the kind of trust you need whether
it's for a sordid self-hating long-term
relationship or for a deeply respectful
mutually appreciative one-night stand it
gets harder and harder to do that as
soon as your life's on the Internet and
again micro Fame or macro fame whether
you have 500 fans or 50,000 the impact
for you is probably going to be just as
devastating if your relationship leads
to problems of this kind so yeah it
erodes trust it creates paranoia
and you've probably already seen a few
different people on YouTube burnout
burnout from this so scary
so yeah bonus I actually had a number
eleven here yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah
number eleven is look all this talk if
you actually want to meet people if you
actually want to start meaningful
relationships with the opposite sex or
the same sex it's just so much easier to
pretend you eat meat or not mention that
you're vegan or pretend you eat alcohol
or drink alcohol not mention that you
don't drink alcohol etc and meet someone
in your community where you're at who
has something else in common with you
it's so much easier to start up a
meaningful relationship with someone who
has nothing to do with veganism than it
is to try to build bridges with your
fellow vegans and I don't even really
want to think about the implications of
that but for one thing the other ten
points on this list they're all factors
from the airplane tickets to the
religious differences to the deep
mistrusts paranoia etc but above and
beyond that if anyone thinks that being
vegan is a great way to meet up meet a
partner for the rest of your life I
think the reality is the practical
advice anyone would give you or should
give you is no probably the best way to
meet people is to focus on everything
else you've got in common and then
assume that if they love you enough
they'll become vegan because you are and
that's a bitter pill to swallow
keep hope you enjoyed this top ten list